# Batch-React-Template
A couple batch scripts that automate with process of creating a react template, along with uploading the project to github and edit changes. These scripts automate the process of executing multiple commands to easily make react templates along with tailwindcss, and creates a new github repository via your github personal access token. Uploading to github is completly optional, but at the moment, create-react-template.bat just chains together the scripts to automatically create a new github repo. Throughout these scripts there will be yellow text that will appear, and these are the points where you make your changes to your script. I recommend working on a local environment, then pasting your changes where you want them, or dragging and dropping files in the src directory, or dist directory.

create-react-template.bat
This will automatically create a react.js project tempate with the tailwindcss framework. You will have 4 inputs, where you have to enter the react application name that you want, it needs to be all lowercase with no spaces. The second input is for the github repository name, which isn't case sensitive and you cannot have spaces. The third input is your github username. The last input is your githb personal access token for authentication, which you can just copy and paste in your terminal, or paste it into the script directly.

# User Changes
The Template folder is defined for the script to look at templates for the batch script to grab and setup the correct config files for react and tailwind. Since the react and tailwind template doesn't work out of the box, these templates are needed for the project to set up correctly. In create-react-templat.bat, you also need to copy and paste the Template folder directory as the TEMPLATE_DIR variable.
This is the important part, before you run any of these scripts, you need to define 2 folders within the same directories as your batch scripts. Make 2 folders named 'Create' and 'Edit' within the same directory, and you need to change the CREATE_DIR and EDIT_DIR in both scripts to point to those folders you created. 
For the edit-changes.bat script, you will need to pass 1 arguement in along with running the script on your command line. In quotes you have to add the repository name. After it will prompt you for your github username and personal access token.

# Warning
If you are using this for personal use, I'll warn you that there are no safeguards about the files that these script will make/delete. The upload and edit scripts need to delete the entire git directory in order to change or create a new branch. If you do not have your CREATE_DIR variable setup correctly, things will go bad... real bad. I have never written a batch script in my life and I am no expert with git commands, so maybe there is an easier way besides removing the entire directory for changing branches. Before actually doing anything the script does let you confirm that you want to move on and it will display the directory it will delete files from. If the directory doesn't look correct, you should exit your terminal to prevent any damage.
